The ticker file contains information about ETFs (exchange traded funds), mutual
funds, and stocks that are required to identify them, classify them by
holdings, and to rebalance their value when contained in an account.

Description of CSV files in format ticker_yyyymmdd.csv (identified by year,
month and day of file generation, as noted)

Note: Until alignment ends, integral fields may be left-padded with zeros or
blanks, as noted. Unconstrained types, enumerated types, and floating point
types are padded neither left nor right. Integral and floating point fields are
aligned-right. Unconstrained and enumerated types are left-aligned.

 1. Code: length - 1, position - 1; type - character

    The code of the ticker (see code file description - 'F' is a mutual fund,
    or sub-account that can be considered for rebalance; 'J' is a sub-account
    that cannot be considered for rebalance; 'Q' is a single stock; 'X' is an
    exchange-traded fund)

 2. Ticker: length - 5, position - 3; type - unconstrained (tickers on the
    exchanges are alphabetic and case-insensitive, but that is not required
    here)

    The unique ticker ID

 3. Number: length - 4, position - 9; type - integer, zero-padding

    The number of the ticker

 4. Name: length - 42, position - 14; type - unconstrained

    The name of the ticker (should match the name in the holding file)

 5. Minimum: length - 10, position - 58; type - two-precision floating

    The minimum investment in the ticker

 6. Preferred rounding: length - 8, position - 69; type - five-precision
    floating

    The preferred round number of shares to hold (e.g., 1, 5, 10, etc.; may be
    missing to use the default of minimum granularity of shares, i.e., 0.00001)

 7. Subcode 1: length - 1, position - 78; type - character

    Subcode for contained securities - level 1: code for stocks, bonds, cash,
    or real estate

 8. Subcode 2: length - 1, position - 80; type - character

    Subcode for contained securities - level 2: code for subtypes of subcode 1;
    can be domestic or foreign for stocks, cash or real estate; bond subtype
    for bonds

 9. Subcode 3: length - 1, position - 82; type - character

    Subcode for contained securities - level 3: code for market capitalization
    as a stock subtype; large, not-large, medium specifically, or small
    specifically

10. Subcode 4: length - 1, position - 84; type - character

    Subcode for contained securities - level 4: as a stock subtype, code for
    relative valuation based on earnings, i.e., growth-and-value (mixed),
    growth-or-value (one or the other), growth specifically, or value
    specifically (column alignment ends here)
