The basis file contains information about portfolios, institutions, accounts
and tickers that may be required to calculate tax implications. The file is
constructed as a hierarchy. Tickers are listed under the accounts that hold
them until the next account ID is encountered. Accounts are listed under the
institutions that hold them until the next institution ID is encountered.
Institutions are listed under the portfolios that hold them until the next
portfolio ID is encountered.

The values of all tickers in an account should sum to the value (if given) of
the account. The values of all accounts in an institution should sum to the
value (if given) in the institution. The values in all institutions should sum
to the value (if given) of the portfolio. If the value of an account is not
given, the value may be "synthesized" using a synthesizer of a type identified
in the account description file. Synthesized accounts should have no tickers or
sub-accounts. Unspecified values for portfolios, institutions, and accounts are
assumed to be the sum of their contents.

Price, shares, and value may be blank. If only price and shares are specified,
value may be inferred. If only shares and value are specified, price may be
inferred. If only price and value are specified, shares may be inferred. If
only value is specified, price is assumed to be one, and the number of shares
assumed to be equal in number to the value of the holding.

Description of CSV files in format basis_yyyymmdd.csv (identified by year,
month and day of file generation, as noted)

Note: Until alignment ends, integral fields may be left-padded with zeros or
blanks, as noted. Unconstrained types, enumerated types, and floating point
types are padded neither left nor right. Integral and floating point fields are
aligned-right. Unconstrained and enumerated types are left-aligned.

 1. Basis Type: length - 1, position - 1; type - character

    The holding type (see code description file - 'P' is a portfolio; 'I' is an
    institution; 'A' is an account; 'F', 'J', 'Q' and 'X' are respectively:
    mutual funds or sub-accounts that can be considered for rebalance,
    sub-accounts that cannot be considered for rebalance, individual stocks,
    and exchange-traded funds

 2. Basis Foreign: length - 16, position - 3; type - unconstrained, but account
    numbers should be zero-padded long integers

    The foreign key of the holding; in order for important information to be
    considered when rebalancing, the key should match the same name in the
    account, portfolio or ticker data files (institutions currently have no
    information outside this holding file)

 3. Basis Name: length - 42, position - 20; type - unconstrained

    The name of the holding; should match the same in the account, portfolio or
    ticker data files - this field is for eye-identification only; there will
    be a log warning if the name does not match

 4. Basis Shares: length - 18, position - 63; type - five-precision floating

    The number of shares in the holding

 5. Basis Price: length - 18, position - 82; type - six-precision floating

    The price of one share of the holding

 6. Basis Value: length - 18, position - 101; type - two-precision floating

    The value of the holding; the product of shares times price (column
    alignment ends here)
