The account file contains information about accounts that are required to
identify and rebalance them. Institution names are included in order to build
an account key containing both the institution name and account number. In this
way the account key is unique.

Description of CSV files in format account_yyyymmdd.csv (identified by year,
month and day of file generation, as noted)

Note: Until alignment ends, integral fields may be left-padded with zeros or
blanks, as noted. Unconstrained types, enumerated types, and floating point
types are padded neither left nor right. Integral and floating point fields are
aligned-right. Unconstrained and enumerated types are left-aligned.

 1. Institution: length - 12, position - 1; type - unconstrained

    The institution where the account is held

 2. Number: length - 16, position - 14; type - long, zero padding

    The number of the account, unique to the identified institution

 3. Rebalance order: length - 8, position - 31; type - integer, zero padding

    The rebalance order of the account - accounts with the same declared order
    are rebalanced in the order they occur in this data file

 4. Name: length - 42, position - 40; type - unconstrained

    The name of the account (should match the name in the holding file)

 5. Tax type: length - 14, position: 83; type - Tax type enumerator

    The tax type of the account

 6. Rebalance procedure: length - 14, position: 98; type - rebalance procedure
    enumerator

    The rebalance procedure of the account

 7. Weight equities: length - 6, position: 113; type - two-precision
    floating

    The desired weight of stocks (equities) in the account (can be a percentage
    if sum of all weights is 100)

 8. Weight bonds: length - 6, position: 120; type - two-precision floating

    The desired weight of bonds in the account (can be a percentage if sum of
    all weights is 100)

 9. Weight cash: length - 6, position: 127; type - two-precision floating

    The desire weight of cash in the account (can be a percentage if sum of all
    weights is 100)

10: Weight real estate: length - 6, position: 134, type - two-precision
    floating (alignment ends here)

    The desired weight of real estate in the account (can be a percentage if
    sum of all weights is 100)

11. Synthesizer type (optional): length - 16, position: 141; type - synthesizer
    type enumerator

    The type of synthesizer to use for account value when the valuation of the
    account is not explicitly provided

12. Referenced accounts (multiple, optional): length - 16; type - long, no
    padding

    Accounts in the same institution that the given account references; the
    interpretation of the referenced account(s) is specific to the specified
    synthesizer type
