The following is a package dependency graph. It has been a goal to have no
cyclic dependencies among the packages of the rebalance project. The
'countable' and 'interpreter' packages are meant to be independent, with the
'cla' package only dependent on the 'interpreter'. The 'toolkit' package is
only dependent on the aforementioned three. The library packages ('account',
'code', 'detailed', 'distinguished', 'holding', 'portfolio', 'tax' and
'ticker') will be dependent on at least the 'interpreter' and 'toolkit', and
optionally on the 'countable' package if library items contain a countable
field. The 'distinguished' library is necessarily dependent on the 'account'
and 'portfolio' packages whose elements it references. The 'hierarchy' package
is dependent on the hierarchy libraries: 'account', 'portfolio' and 'ticker' as
well as 'countable' and the 'toolkit'. The 'rebalance' package needs these, as
well 'hierarchy'. The report package needs everything in the hierarchy on which
it reports. The conductor package runs the show, and may be dependent on
anything and everything.

rebalance.account       ->  interpreter, toolkit

rebalance.cla           ->  interpreter

rebalance.code          ->  interpreter, toolkit

rebalance.conductor     ->  account, cla, code, detailed, distinguished,
                            hierarchy, holding, portfolio, rebalance, report,
                            tax, ticker, toolkit

rebalance.countable     ->  <none>

rebalance.detailed      ->  interpreter, toolkit

rebalance.distinguished ->  account, interpreter, portfolio, toolkit

rebalance.hierarchy     ->  account, countable, holding, portfolio, ticker,
                            toolkit

rebalance.holding       ->  countable, interpreter, toolkit

rebalance.interpreter   ->  <none>

rebalance.portfolio     ->  countable, interpreter, toolkit

rebalance.rebalance     ->  account, countable, detailed, hierarchy, portfolio,
                            toolkit

rebalance.report        ->  account, code, countable, detailed, hierarchy,
                            holding, portfolio, ticker, toolkit

rebalance.tax           ->  countable, interpreter, toolkit

rebalance.ticker        ->  countable, interpreter, toolkit

rebalance.toolkit       ->  cla, countable, interpreter

It has also been a goal that no cyclic dependencies exist between any classes,
enumerators or interfaces in the project.
