The portfolio file contains information about portfolios that are required to
identify and rebalance them, and to value them.

Description of CSV files in format portfolio_yyyymmdd.csv (identified by year,
month and day of file generation, as noted)

Note: Until alignment ends, integral fields may be left-padded with zeros or
blanks, as noted. Unconstrained types, enumerated types, and floating point
types are padded neither left nor right. Integral and floating point fields are
aligned-right. Unconstrained and enumerated types are left-aligned.

 1. Portfolio Mnemonic: length - 16, position - 1; type - unconstrained

    The mnemonic of the portfolio, unique to the identified portfolio

 2. Investor Name: length - 20, position - 18; type - unconstrained

    The name of the investor (should match the name in the holding file)

 3. Investor Birthdate: length - 10, position - 39; type - date in yyyy-mm-dd
    format (decimal digits for year, month, and day; month and day are
    one-based)

    The birthdate of the portfolio owner

 4. Investor Mortality date: length - 10, position - 50; type - date in
    yyyy-mm-dd format (decimal digits for year, month, and day; month and day
    are one-based)

    The projected mortality date of the portfolio owner

 5. Filing Status: length - 8, position - 61; type - filing status enumerator

    The taxpayer filing status

 6. Social Security: length - 8, position - 70; type - two-precision floating

    Projected Social Security monthly income starting from the current month if
    the portfolio owner has passed their 62nd birthday, or starting from the
    month of their 62nd birthday

 7. CPI Adjusted: length - 8, position - 79; type - two-precision floating

    Other monthly income that is CPI adjusted

 8. Non-CPI Adjusted: length - 8, position - 88; type - two-precision floating

    Other monthly income that is not CPI adjusted

 9. Taxable Income: length - 10, position - 97; type - two-precision floating

    The projected taxable annual income

10. Portfolio Weight Stock: length - 6, position - 108; type - two-precision
    floating

    Desired weight of stocks (equities) in the portfolio (can be a percentage
    if sum of all weights is 100)

11. Portfolio Weight Bond: length - 6, position - 115; type - two-precision
    floating

    Desired weight of bonds in the portfolio (can be a percentage if sum of all
    weights is 100)

12. Portfolio Weight Cash: length - 6, position - 122; type - two-precision
    floating

    Desired weight of cash in the portfolio (i.e., checking or savings
    accounts, money market funds, or savings bonds...can be a percentage if sum
    of all weights is 100)

13. Portfolio Weight Real-Estate: length - 6, position - 129; type -
    two-precision floating

    Desired weight of real estate (i.e., REITs...can be a percentage if sum of
    all weights is 100)

14. Adjust from High: length - 6, position - 136; type - a boolean value of
    'false' or 'true' (case-insensitive)

    Adjust desired equity percentage for relative market valuation, true/false;
    for "relative market valuation," we mean the current value of the S&P 500
    index versus its record high; the adjustment, if it occurs, is a formula
    that is hard-coded (column alignment ends here)
